Edited both conversion measurement articles (#5249)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/conversion-measurement/index.md

  - samdutton
hero: image/admin/wRrDtHNikUNqgdDewvYG.jpg
date: 2020-10-06
updated: 2020-05-04
tags:
  - blog
  - privacy
---

> {% Banner 'caution', 'body' %} This API will be renamed to _Attribution Reporting_ and offer more
> features.
> 
> - If you're experimenting with this API ([Conversion
>   Measurement](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/3e0ef7d3cee8d7dc5a4b953e70cb027b0e13943b/README.md))
>   in [Chrome 91](https://chromestatus.com/features/schedule) and below, this blogpost is what you
>   need.
> - If you're interested in the next iteration of this API (Attribution Reporting), it will be
>   available for experimentation in Chrome (origin trial). [Join the mailing
>   list](https://groups.google.com/u/1/a/chromium.org/g/attribution-reporting-api-dev) to stay tuned
>   on available experiments for this API.
> 
> {% endBanner %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Banner 'caution', 'body' %} The Conversion Measurement API will be renamed to
_Attribution Reporting API_ and offer more features.

- If you're experimenting with ([Conversion
  Measurement API](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/3e0ef7d3cee8d7dc5a4b953e70cb027b0e13943b/README.md))
  in [Chrome 91](https://chromestatus.com/features/schedule) and below, read this post
  to find more details, use cases and instructions for how to use the API.
- If you're interested in the next iteration of this API (Attribution Reporting), which will be
  available for experimentation in Chrome (origin trial), [join the mailing
  list](https://groups.google.com/u/1/a/chromium.org/g/attribution-reporting-api-dev) for updates
  on available experiments.

{% endBanner %}
```
